initial commit ngrok integration (#1857)
DataDog/integrations-extras: ngrok/README.md

## Overview

ngrok delivers instant ingress to your applications in any cloud, private network, or devices with authentication, load balancing, and other critical controls via our global points of presence.

The ngrok platform includes a Datadog event destination integration.  When used in conjunction with ngrok HTTP events the visualization of valuable application insights is made possible along with the Datadog's advanced log analysis.  Using the the Datadog HTTPS logging endpoint, the integration can quickly be setup through the [ngrok dashboard UI][2].

## Setup

> To forward ngrok events for consumption into Datadog there are two configurations to be made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To forward ngrok events for consumption into Datadog, you need to make two configurations.
```

> - ngrok Event Subscription: contains which events to be forwarded
> - ngrok Event Destination: the configuration for where the events defined in the Event Subscription will be forwarded to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ngrok Event Subscription: Contains which events to be forwarded
- ngrok Event Destination: The configuration for where the events defined in the Event Subscription are forwarded to.
```

> Below is an example of configuring an Event Subscription with a Datadog Event Destination for HTTP request events. For step-by-step instructions, see the [ngrok Datadog Event Destination documentation page][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to configure an Event Subscription with a Datadog Event Destination for HTTP request events. For step-by-step instructions, see the [ngrok Datadog Event Destination documentation][7].
```

**Step 1: Create a ngrok Event Subscription**

1. In the ngrok Dashboard Console, navigate to Events page.
2. Select "New Subscription".

> 3. Provide a Description for Subscription and select "Add Source"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Provide a Description for Subscription and select "Add Source".
```

4. From the list, select "http_request_complete.v0" and select Add Event Source.

**Step 2: Configure Event Destination properties**

The steps are performed within the previously created Event Subscription configuration:

1. Navigate to the "Event Destination" tab and select "Add Destination".

> 2. From the dropdown choose Datadog and input the correct information:\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the dropdown menu, select Datadog and input the correct information:
```

>     a. Select the correct Datadog Site for your data - this can be found based upon the [url used to access Datadog][10].\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a. Select the correct [Datadog site][10] for your data.\
```

    b. Navigate to Datadog and [create an API key][4] within the organization settings.\
    c. Copy the API key and paste into the API Key field.\

>     d. Optional:  Define a Service Name, this be added as a key to the event data as **service:value**.\
>     e. Optional:  Define DD Tags, these are key:value pairs to be added as Datadog tags to the event data.\
>     f. Optional:  Define a description, this is locally significant and helps identify the Datadog Event Destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    d. Optionally, define a Service Name, this be added as a key to the event data as **service:value**.\
    e. Optionally, define DD Tags, these are `key:value` pairs to be added as Datadog tags to the event data.\
    f. Optional, define a description, this is locally significant and helps identify the Datadog Event Destination.
```

> 3. Select "Send Test Event"
> 4. If presented with a Success message, select "Done".  If an error is presented validate the Datadog Site and API Key are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select "Send Test Event".
4. If presented with a Success message, select "Done".  If an error is presented, validate that the Datadog site and API key are correct.
```

**Step 3: Create Datadog Log Facets**

> Once logs begin to arrive, it will be necessary to create [log facets][8] for data analysis and dashboard visualization. Log facet creation is straight forward and can be accomplished from the Datadog log side panel with guidance available [here][9]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once logs begin to arrive, create [log facets][8] for data analysis and dashboard visualization. For more information about creating log facets, see the [Log Facets documentation][9]. 
```

Create facets for the following fields:

- event_type
- object.conn.server_name
- object.conn.client_ip
- object.conn.server_name
- object.http.response.status_code
- object.http.request.method
- object.http.request.url.path
- object.conn.server_name

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [ngrok Support][1] or reference [ngrok Docs][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [ngrok Support][1] or reference the [ngrok documentation][6].
```

## Further Reading

Learn more about [ngrok][3].

[1]: mailto:support@ngrok.com
[2]: https://dashboard.ngrok.com
[3]: https://ngrok.com/solutions
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/

> [6]: https://ngrok.com/docs/integrations/datadog/event-destination/
> [7]: https://ngrok.com/docs/integrations/datadog/event-destination/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[6]: https://ngrok.com/docs/integrations/datadog/
[7]: https://ngrok.com/docs/integrations/datadog/event-destination/
```

## Overview

ngrok delivers instant ingress to your applications in any cloud, private network, or devices with authentication, load balancing, and other critical controls via our global points of presence.

> The ngrok platform includes a Datadog event destination integration.  When used in conjunction with ngrok HTTP events the visualization of valuable application insights is made possible.  Using the the Datadog HTTPS logging endpoint, the integration can quickly be setup through the [ngrok dashboard UI][2].

Reviewer 2: Can you include the following in the overview? 

1. What does ngrok do in 1-2 sentence. (This was answered in the first paragraph)
2. What will customers get from this integration? (In term of value) This should be clear enough for a new customer to understand what this integration does. 
3. What types of data?

This integration includes:

> - Dashboard - *ngrok HTTP Events*

Author: Done

    c. Copy the API key and paste into the API Key field.\
    d. Optional:  Define a Service Name, this be added as a key to the event data as **service:value**.\
    e. Optional:  Define DD Tags, these are key:value pairs to be added as Datadog tags to the event data.\
    f. Optional:  Define a description, this is locally significant and helps identify the Datadog Event Destination.
3. Select "Send Test Event"
4. If presented with a Success message, select "Done".  If an error is presented validate the Datadog Site and API Key are correct.

**Step 3: Create Datadog Log Facets**
Once logs begin to arrive, it will be necessary to create [log facets][8] for data analysis and dashboard visualization. Log facet creation is straight forward and can be accomplished from the Datadog log side panel with guidance available [here][9]. 

Create facets for the following fields:

- event_type
- object.conn.server_name
- object.conn.client_ip
- object.conn.server_name
- object.http.response.status_code
- object.http.request.method
- object.http.request.url.path
- object.conn.server_name

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog Support][1] or [ngrok Docs][6].

Author: Fixed
